I've created an agentic method of building an entire sprint one task at a time inspired by the "Ralph Wiggin Loop". This public project, however, will follow Agile guidelines and be named Clifford. The goal of this for users is to be able to type `npx clifford init` in any project and certain files will be added or installed to create Clifford in the project. In fact, you litteraly are clifford's prototype but for development purposes, your name is BigRed. BigRed is the development version of Clifford and should not be used for reference during the development of Clifford. The install should be similar to how shadcn adds files to the repo instead of installing something in node_modules. There is a read-only folder in this repo called read_only_demo_project. You will do no work in this folder. Instead, you can use it as a target for what should happen as a result of running `npx clifford init`. Here is a rundown of what should happen: and it will ask the user a few questions. Like, do you want to YOLO into main, or do you want to do PRs? Then we need a list of steps that the developer agent is required to complete for each task. We will pre-check a number of logical defaults and allow the user to select a few extras like ESLint and test writing. Then a ".clifford" folder, a "sprints" folder, and two agents are added to the project. In opencode, we would add these to <agent>.md files to .opencode/agent. This allows the user to hit tab to switch modes and have the agent already geared to certain behavior. We will want to detect and support both Gemini CLI and Claude Code with equivalent features. Once installed, the user can then start a new chat with the Transcribe agent, which is a completely normal planning mode except for at the very end it will write all of the planning documents to the repo. It is not allowed to write any code or change any other files. It is only allowed to write planning files to the Sprints folder that we created. It will ask the user periodically if they are ready to write the plans to disk. It will require the user to say so before it does any writing to disk. Once the user is satisfied with their planning discussion, they will instruct Transcribe to record the plans. That conversation would be considered one sprint. A new sprint folder will be added to the sprints folder in the format of sprint-[date]-[sprint name]. That folder will consist of a series of Markdown files, one for each task, and a manifest file that is updated throughout development to record progress. The user can then start the sprint. We need a way for the user to run clifford-sprint.sh and pass it a sprint folder to work out of. @clifford-sprint.sh will then initialize what we call "chat recursion". This will launch the headless mode of the users' given CLI and pass in the required properties. This also needs to support OpenCode, ClaudeCode, and Gemini CLI. Examines @clifford-sprint.sh for further details. Most importantly is the developer agent since it is the one that has already been told how to pick the most important task off of the sprint tasks as well as only completing a list of items that users selected during init. The developer agent is allowed to make commits for each task, but is not allowed to push ever. Once Chat Recursion has allowed for individual instances of the given CLI to complete the entire sprint, a UAT is prepared for the user when they are notified. One feature of Clifford is that it has the ability to contact the user over Telegram. We need a separate command called `npx clifford afk` that will add Clifford AFK features to a project. If no .clifford folder exists, the user is asked to run `npx clifford init` first. `npx clifford afk` will start the user on how to create a bot on Telegram and request the key that is provided. That key must be protected from git. Instead, it will be added to the appropriate .env file for the user's project. For now, the only Clifford AFK feature is that it will message the user once the sprint is complete and that there is a uat ready for them. Lastly, once the user has reviewed the UAT and approves it, they can run @clifford-approve.sh. Again, you'll need a trigger for that. @clifford-approve.sh will do any clean up required to wrap up the sprint and push everything. Again, review the files in the /read_only_demo_project for how this should work. Ask me any clarification questions you may have. Once we are done, write an @AGENTS.md  file that will ensure that new chat sessions with this project will be understood in the way that you understand it now.